README.md, before:

# Flatiron Dark Sky API Hackathon 

## Instructions 

For this project we will be splitting up into groups of 3-4 and building either a CLI app, Sinatra, Rails or React app that implements the Dark Sky API. Choose whatever tool makes the most sense for your team (if no-one knows how to use Rails or React, but knows basic Ruby then do a CLI).

#### Teamwork (Pair Programming)

You will have around 120 minutes to work on the project as a team. Please work as a team, There should only be one person writing on the keyboard at a time (make sure to rotate who is actually coding). The rest of the team will help guide who is driving the code. Make sure that everyone gets at least 2  15 minute sessions each, to work on the project (!!SET A TIMER!!). 

#### Getting your DarkSky API KEY

Our DarkSky api does require an API KEY. To get the api key follow these instructions:

1. Go To [https://darksky.net/dev/](https://darksky.net/dev/)
2. Click on Signup (only one user in the group needs to register)
3. Fill in your details in the form and click Register
4. Check your email for confirmation email
5. Click on link in confirmation email
6. You should see a "Welcome to the Club!" screen that states you are successfully activated. 
7. Click the login link and sign in with your newly created credentials
8. Once you login you should see your "Secret Key". It should look something like "3243kjfsja3wuaruajkasfaipu3rjhsfjsdfa"
9. Save this key somewhere in your application as this will be required to access the API endpoint. 
10. You should also see a sample API call below your secret key with a link. Click on the link and look at the response. This is the data we will use to make our app interactive. It gives you details for minutely, currently, hourly, and daily weather. 
11. Make note that the API URL is `"https://api.darksky.new/forecast/" + YOUR_SECRET_API_KEY + "/" + latitude + "," + longitude`


#### Accessing the API with Faraday

If you are building a Ruby App I would recommend using the __Faraday gem__ to get access to the data quickly. 

You can find the documentation at [https://github.com/lostisland/faraday](https://github.com/lostisland/faraday)


#### Starter Code

1. CLI - [CLI Starter Kit](https://github.com/learn-co-curriculum/weather-app-cli-starter)
2. Sinatra App - [Corneal Gem](https://github.com/thebrianemory/corneal)
3. Rails App - [Rails Gem](https://github.com/rails/rails)
4. React App - [Create React App](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=1&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=0ahUKEwi-jcup2_fUAhXE5SYKHduKCbQQFggmMAA&url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Ffacebookincubator%2Fcreate-react-app&usg=AFQjCNFClfRovodlePaq7LjL5UL4NYx-xA)

Commit message:

Update README.md to have News API info

README.md, after:

# Flatiron Learn Codeathon 

## Instructions 

For this project we will be splitting up into groups of 3-4 and building either a CLI app, Sinatra, Rails or React app that implements the Dark Sky or the News APIs. Choose whatever tool makes the most sense for your team (if no-one knows how to use Rails or React, but knows basic Ruby then do a CLI).

#### Teamwork (Pair Programming)

You will have around 120 minutes to work on the project as a team. Please work as a team, There should only be one person writing on the keyboard at a time (make sure to rotate who is actually coding). The rest of the team will help guide who is driving the code. Make sure that everyone gets at least 2  15 minute sessions each, to work on the project (!!SET A TIMER!!). 

#### Getting Your DarkSky API KEY

Our DarkSky API does require an API key. To get the API key follow these instructions:

1. Go To [https://darksky.net/dev/](https://darksky.net/dev/)
2. Click on Signup (only one user in the group needs to register)
3. Fill in your details in the form and click Register
4. Check your email for confirmation email
5. Click on link in confirmation email
6. You should see a "Welcome to the Club!" screen that states you are successfully activated. 
7. Click the login link and sign in with your newly created credentials
8. Once you login you should see your "Secret Key". It should look something like "3243kjfsja3wuaruajkasfaipu3rjhsfjsdfa"
9. Save this key somewhere in a notebook or notes app on your computer as this will be your access point to the API endpoint.
10. IMPORTANT!! never commit this key to github.
11. You should also see a sample API call below your secret key with a link. Click on the link and look at the response. This is the data we will use to make our app interactive. It gives you details for minutely, currently, hourly, and daily weather. 
12. Make note that the API URL is `"https://api.darksky.new/forecast/" + YOUR_SECRET_API_KEY + "/" + latitude + "," + longitude`

#### Getting Your News API Key

Out News API does require an API key. To get the API key follow theses instructions:

1. Go to [https://newsapi.org/#documentation](https://newsapi.org/#documentation).
2. Click on [Get API Key](https://newsapi.org/register) button.
3. Fill in the email address and password inputs with your information, complete the reCAPTCHA, agree to the terms and click on Submit.
4. If your account creation is successful you should see your API key in an input box on the next page. It should look something like "3affjsakahjbgajka;fsafjksfsafhksahfuieurr"
5. Save this key somewhere in a notebook or notes app on your computer as this will be your access point to the API endpoint.
6. IMPORTANT!! never commit this key to github.
7. Now click the [Back to docs](https://newsapi.org/) link on the top left and look at the documentation.
8. If you scroll down to the [Live example](https://newsapi.org/#example) you should see how to make a get Request for a collection of articles from a source. 
9. You should be able to add a url like this ( "https://newsapi.org/v1/articles?source=" + news source + "&apiKey=" + your API key ) to the browser and see a list of JSON.

#### Recommended Chrome Extension

If you want to view JSON beautifully in Chrome, make sure to download and install this Chrome extension: [JSON Formatter](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/json-formatter/bcjindcccaagfpapjjmafapmmgkkhgoa?hl=en)

#### Accessing The API With Faraday

If you are building a Ruby App I would recommend using the __Faraday gem__ to get access to the data quickly. 

You can find the documentation at [https://github.com/lostisland/faraday](https://github.com/lostisland/faraday)


#### Starter Code

1. CLI - [CLI Starter Kit](https://github.com/learn-co-curriculum/api-app-cli-starter)
2. Sinatra App - [Corneal Gem](https://github.com/thebrianemory/corneal)
3. Rails App - [Rails Gem](https://github.com/rails/rails)
4. React App - [Create React App](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=1&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=0ahUKEwi-jcup2_fUAhXE5SYKHduKCbQQFggmMAA&url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Ffacebookincubator%2Fcreate-react-app&usg=AFQjCNFClfRovodlePaq7LjL5UL4NYx-xA)
